police officer come on clear the area
clear the area Derry
shit he's my brother I did what you
wanted me to do I killed your brother
you don't think I know that right it
happened right in front of me I feel you
looking at me through that go well it's
done you and me are over at least Gerry
and PAC you're honest about what they do
you're a crook hiding behind this badge
in the reputation you know what Frankie
boy I'm going to use that I ever feel
the heat on me I'll call you and you're
going to make shit go away that's cool I
don't know shit
there isn't any good way to go though is
there they took Gerry down don't worry
he's always being hard
I'll stop by man I'll see you there can
I be dressed like a bomb in the church
I'm sorry about your brother
yeah I didn't really know Derek not well
I remember looking up kid had a dream
that set fire Derek can probably die
yeah it still has to be artsy are you
going to be in the mural sure I'll see
you there goodbye
and everyone says things like
and while no one is suggesting he was an
angel none of us are that is why God put
us on earth and not in the trials of
humanity were sometimes too much for him
to bear but he was a committed family
man and a man of beliefs God asks us to
show faith and that is what he gave us
in his way Derek gave so much of himself
and will be sorely missed now if you
will all please join me and the
procession to the cemetery
I'm sorry for your loss I'm not I'm
sorry for mom I gave up on my brothers a
long time ago the most I ever expected
from them is to put flowers on their
coffins
you've got the strange family I don't
know
I'll do my best hold them back
I don't reckon make it so much more at
us I think we got him make a run for the
cars
all right Nikko it's time to go but
we're taking my brother with us can you
drive the Romero
alright man we're burying Derek in a
graveyard in Steinway let's get there
follow us no more
thank fuck shit load of horse to deal
with the stress of this situation if
Derek was alive you wouldn't be in this
situation
that's a valid point that girl knows
what sort of situation Derek needed a
good dose of smack to cope with most of
the situations in life through Adam you
got to admit that we all have our ways
of coping Becky
now those Derek's he had the hard life
he's having a hard death too if this is
anything to go by I never knew it was so
difficult to put a body in the ground
that's why I normally type breezeblocks
to him throw him in the humble is that
what you suggest we do with your brother
you're a sick man Nikko I fucking slap
you if I didn't love you so much it's
only consecrated ground for a brother of
mine you have a
and finally it's time to say goodbye to
my brother amen
thanks Nico what for Derek never had
many friends he sort of lived in his own
head it means a lot you coming here and
helping this messed-up family of mine I
did not come for Derek I came for you
and packy
like I said thanks give me a call
sometime Nico